**Privacy Policy**

Jack Enqvist built the Spaghett app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Jack Enqvist at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Spaghett unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Data collection**
Spaghett is a app running locally on your computer and does not collect any information about the user or the users system.
In order for the app to be valuable the history of the users clipboard is saved to a file localy stored in the sandboxed Documents folder on the users computer.
no additional data is collected or stored.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-09-01

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at hello@enqvist.io.

Part of this privacy policy page was created with the help of [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
